bring a stream yes we are screaming
alright let us go up the notes in the
chat okay hi everybody
I hear Pedro in the background at
autoplay when the zoom starts okay
alright Allen is not here but we'll
start with him he released yes ipfs
released candidate to 400 da 33 includes
the update to the web UI removing happy
max bytes restriction allowing large
file uploads allows web UI to detect and
connect to origin without the user
having to configure API I attempted to
release
ODOT 33 but there is some delay due to a
myriad of things that have popped up so
I think he'll be working on that this
week he'll also be working on the CID
base option and then reviewing many a
PRS there's also a PR open for easier
pre-release support I think that one
should be good to go I think Google and
I reviewed that so I think we can move
forward with that but we want to do a
subsequent update to the release process
so that it fixes changelog stuff there's
another issue for that anybody have any
questions that I probably won't be able
to answer all right next up of Vasco
heyo
so last week I created the interrupt PR
for the DHD it is grains and it is ready
for being reviewed and I also created a
couple of beers for City l2f the DHT
interrupts working I have just minor
problem with the DHT in the really
awesome endeavor that I take do the pits
to check it out when you have time
with schechter because it's just minor
detail there is missing for the
interface the idea fest interface car
test then I agreed that the interface
that the story new lots of modules for
the service worker gay - aah - a great
example that I previously had to use
webpack for because gsm FSIA was having
problems with the web part 4 and the
service worker gateway and I created an
example with a pack for to track down if
it was the service worker gateway probe
or not and then the IP NS over pub so I
created the danger of PR as well but
it's not green yet there is a problem
with topic which I cannot have the same
topic as ago at the fest I've been
talking with Steven and for this week I
hope to unblock this so blocked the
agonize over pups are interrupt because
of a stomach problems the topic problem
is described given in the interrupt er
if you are interested a virus and for
this week I want to do the DHD stress
tester I wanted to make the previous
week but because of all the time with
finance or pub sub topic think I could
make it and then this office I can I
swap observe interrupt problem and
address all the reviews that I have for
a penis or pub/sub be ours for just a
difference and also the DHT be ours any
questions for me
so we thank you
there's a lot of stuff thank you so much
in yeah I recommend everyone like
checking all that work because I'm
specially on the VHD charts it's a long
time coming it's a lot of people are
waiting that's cool acutally I've been
like trying to follow and I think I
managed to lock you in a bunch of it was
good but I only saw your comment
I just haven't that's a little bit more
thank you so much for the write-up and
for the proposal I just need to know
what you're saying
so probably tomorrow I'll give you the
answer or if anyone wants to review that
on the awesome HTM ever it seems like
we're super super close everyone should
be excited yeah yeah it looks like you
can go there and give a get up yeah any
other questions for rush Propst
all right next up is me alright so the
major things last week was working on
the lid p2p release I found a bug in
switch while doing the tests against Jay
s ipfs so that is fixed and then I'm
trusting the release candidate to that
should be good to go today or tomorrow I
just need to go test against the Jaya
GSI PFS one more time while that is
stable-ish now hopefully there was a lot
of issues last week just going through
the tests and then having the key data
store updates breaking that called the
master builds and causing a big
nightmare and then the length of time
for running that GSI PFS tests made me
go crazy again last week so I started
looking at all of the test Suites to
figure out how we can just get rid of
demons across the board so I have a full
request to remove a bunch of the HTTP
API tests that are unnecessarily
spinning up the demons and then I also
have a proof of concept working of
getting rid of daemon runners for the
CLI tests
so that we can just focus on testing the
interfaces because we basically have
like three forms of ipfs that we need to
test and there's not really a reason to
run Damons for anything except for some
very basic process working to make sure
that the CLI is actually being initiated
correctly so I won't have time to dive
into that too much because I need to
focus on the testbed stuff this week
because October is pretty much over
and so I'll be trying to focus on that
this week and then getting a lipid p24
out the door today or tomorrow any
questions for me
all right whoo go
hi guys so last week I still worked a
little bit on the on the pipeline I did
a couple calls with the guys from the
infra team explained everything with
about my prototypes they are still
working on a surgical CI prototype based
on the things I did forget laughs but I
basically finished the the like at least
a basic configuration with to use case
we already talked about this is all on
on working on a fork of the GSI BFS repo
on my github account you can check there
I also activated the renovate on that
repo because I can't really activate it
on on the other repos and I will make
issue talking about it I also did the
couple of stuff on DL basically
improving the purposes improving the
speed and basically that's like adding
an option to send the configuration when
you in it's a demon so we don't have
like to do like four different style
processes and stuff also these couple of
pull requests about missing in and use
dependencies on it on the API and on the
ipfs repo the other stuff was fixing CTL
not actually starting when you passed
start to true and also fix up a lot of
the options handling it was kind of
crazy I will continue with this work on
the
files on CTL because the options
handling is kind of crazy in there too
these also work on just some excellent
stuff that came up when we start
removing and necessarily the balances
and for this week I'll push the the PR
the guys from the 14 deed I'll try to
make to help them finish up the circle
CI prototype so we can compare the two
or circle see I would eat lab and figure
out what's best for us
I also will do an issue explaining
everything about to renovate service and
with my fork as an example and I'll try
to push Asia experimental builds to be
the default one this will help me with
reducing bundle size okay our and also
start working on error codes and the
ipfs roadmap anything is anyone has any
questions for me no question
yeah like true the weekend I got to see
a bunch of things that got stuck I think
right now we are paying huge costs for
not spending time on I can prove you
already have to link and yet I see a lot
of PRS that I just don't merge for weeks
to months it are super simple they are
there but like there was like some CIE
cap the thing got red no one paying
attention again and so we really need
like to speak like I fear that we might
like be losing like 30 or more or 40
percent of our time just having to fight
with the CI right now it's very
troubling like to the point where thank
you so much for liking the weed and like
checking out things with the table like
yeah why we should have something that
improves the Romans pin in the next week
or so like
even even officials like enabling
incircle in a way that at least we have
some positive assertion that like hey
this PR is good enough for us to be
convinced to merge for now and then we
bring back the Windows testing which is
always like the big question like how
can we get to those testing and then
later we get towards like actually
having what I called in the past
sustainable modules which is what are
the kind of folks that we need to
implement like the kind of checks and
like one of the things we can automate
to make like using easier to make
testing easier and so on and so yeah
like I'm not like giving you a question
or is for awesome but let's like double
down on that as a group because you
might be like I think it's hurting as a
lot yeah last week and through the
weekend - I got really frustrated about
the second situation because everything
was not getting green at any cost and
especially as I actually implemented a
pipeline that works faster and more
reliable I even get more foresight about
it and things that that we are being
that we are discussing on a issue like
pretty releases and stuff like that
that's there's all that stuff is already
in my prototype and working perfectly so
we need to really double down or as you
said and we will be really really
helpful if you all like say something on
the CI pokey quests I will explain
everything so you get more 22 with how
everything works but we will be really
helpful if you can pitch in and talk
about it because and one more thing is
especially about the Windows thing
that's not really a problem with if we
use github right now the the infra team
is kind of tending to circle CI because
other working
oops are kinda committed already to the
circle CI but it's it's kind of in my
opinion it's not like the best choice
because we'll eat we will go through the
problems we had in the past about
queuing up with others other clients and
stuff like that but we need to discuss
it but we need to also discuss it fast
because we need to solve this the our CI
problems should be able to work faster
my questions been answered I was
wondering why we were putting circle CI
in the way of delivering what he has
done already but he's answered that
Walker yeah am ia just want to mention
that on saga CI I think the idea from
info was also that you can also pay them
for God heaven Hughes so yeah from what
I was able to learn we can pay them for
something like adding up bigger
containers or something like that
but I'm not really sure that we they can
solve the queuing problem like for more
money
ok yes so you usually have a better idea
than I have so ok thanks
I'm not like a hundred percent on it but
from from the talks I've been listening
from Gaddafi's shoes and stuff my
perception is that we can pay for bigger
machines but not like I don't know if
they can really solve the queuing and we
get lab it's our machines it's like you
only will be queuing up with ourselves
so so can I ask everyone to put as an
action item of their like I'm there to
do this this week to review this
proposal remember like this will affect
the way you work it will affect the way
that you like communicate with the
community and so it's very important for
everyone to really like pay attention
and understand and I can also ask
questions make sure like these questions
like capture so like there is a proper
proposal like taking into example the
the proposal is created to adopt discuss
where there like the study of multiple
options and like the things that were
brought on early on and the things that
caught answered and like the reason why
we finally made the decision to really
discuss let's make sure that we do the
same for for these with everyone on
board can I can I get a thumbs up from
everyone like all right always way to do
it two times let me just add one more
thing
we're supposed to have like the two
prototypes running for at least for a
little while like circle CI and get lab
CI so we can test how they work and
compare them actually compare them not
just looking at some file awesome okay
so Jacob take the lead you know like
let's try to use the last ten minutes
yeah you are up to beat be fast okay all
right so me I work on the files if you
have a reflector that proposed and so
that means basically making it's like
step one or three steps to get new new
revamped files API that will use all the
fancy modern JavaScript but also that
will actually like enable users
understand what's going on in terms of
files so it's kind of like a merger
between em FS and files and beaming and
so this first refactor is really about
adding some more functionality like
having from a fascinating from your else
and also moving some of these car like
separating the non amethyst cows from
the MF s calls so that we can then have
the migration to these generators API
which is a second step and then the
third step is merging em FS to these
first like these top level comments and
basically make everything of these files
a top-level comment given the his ipfs
and so I worked on that I got the test
done on a deficit that score
documentation I got just a TFS API to
work I almost did all of the GOP best I
have to do it on the plane but
apparently just a few fast and just have
you can say my first ever circle circle
or dependency which makes it very hard
to like just get out of it like we need
to get very good at like stopping with a
circle but this is we at least probably
in the past where I can order to fix
them or joke it's really the one but you
got to realize another one you were to
like really the first one and so in and
so basically you have to really the
module we are passing at a time
is the other one very fast it's just a
mess let's when there is such kind of
thing where let's make an interface and
just like MIT's let's get them in fast
to use like that and have cats get
interface that then Jessica's can just
like add those commands rather than
adding the whole ipfs object but but I
can take care of that it's just like a
it was impossible for me on a plane and
so then I also found an issue on a PSD
CTL a bunch of audits actually there
there is like just by my question of hey
Ike why are things taking so much time
to merge and so I found a bunch of PR
that were perfect and they would like
remove time from realizing staff or
simplified code and so I just like took
on the the responsibilities of like
reviewing doing a lot of releases from
master like checking they were passing
the tests and merging and releasing them
so like you might actually know a lot of
releases during that weekend it was due
to that and I want to use that as hey I
there's a lot of things that people have
been producing that is super useful for
some projects that are not getting
intentional so I think we need to get
better at like waffle boarding I did
some waffle grooming and so I went
through a bunch of issues that the
labels basically like check like what
was still valid what was fix what was
not fixed and then was super helpful for
me I'm not sure I keep waffle it's still
super helpful to everyone but but a
twist like for me I have a great good
experience or just opening up like
setting up a timer
saying I thirty minutes 45 minutes open
a bunch of issues label them like answer
to them merge and if they are poor
request cle-cle are done a and feel very
good about myself in the project is like
so much work gets done like so fast
because I can work is already there I
just have to like realize things and
version it's great like you should try
it as well
[Music]
it's great try it so yeah what I did do
and now I created a new ipfs
architecture diagram go there post
comments so far people seem pretty happy
but again you just like representing
what's there so I guess like there's not
too much to bike-share other than the
diagram itself but to go there and
comment and and also I opened an issue
which I think seems irrelevant some of
these conversation which is should we
try get up for our art we talked about
it in past it seems like we kind of like
keep patching our coordination book it
we more Google Docs more github issues
more templates for poor requests and
whatnot and more see is that break and
like when I look at the other web it's
like they're like issues that can be
multiple repos they can have like epics
and they have my Kanban boards and they
have Mike Riley's life cycle they have
monitoring he's like wow and so and like
every one of their power moves to get AB
just tells me orders so it's not just
like marketing there's like definitely
people that have tried it and liked it
so I would love to explore what it means
for us to try it out and I do have a
very humble proposal which is like
moving multi formats there because like
kind of like we all contain and so we
could perhaps try that
let's see comment if you are interested
in that comment there I think in here
for this week I have a lot of like what
ifs project from Apple but I'll try to
get well the work that I'm now doing we
do I need I want to get the files API
refactor ready I know it's not going to
be marketing for the next movies but I
just want to get it ready so that when
this release gets done like it's ready
for the next one and I've been working
on this thing called IP sense or the
best time was at this end but it since
you
what I want to do not even like married
ready name I just want to make like
deploying web pages so ipfs very simple
and fun hey like I think we have all the
to link we just haven't polished it yet
and so I took on the task of like
upgrading a tool and I do it on the past
that was kind of fun in the time and got
a lot of attention but then I stopped
having time to pay attention to it if so
it's all broken so if you like
refactoring it and polishing it and I
creating a roadmap for it so you check
it out and now comments and feedback and
ideas but yeah the goal is let's make
publishing web pages like that's really
fun and easy like it is either pages or
using surgery page that he taught fast
thank you questions for me no questions
allowed okay so it's pretty quick so I
did a bit of a graph seeing stuff but
mostly I spend time getting my IPL d by
breaking I don t change in five FS
because it also breaks the ipfs api and
yeah so we spent the half week on
basically getting this release kind of
our trying yeah and then I want to think
of it when I go would those all issues
that he was inventing it mmm merging
them because there was plenty of stuff
that I did and and things yeah and next
week I will also like hopefully does
iPod a change will go in forgiveness we
had will have a release and again
grousing stuff and then just like
catching up with the things that I
couldn't get done because of the iPod II
stuff and circular dependencies in CIS
oh yeah awesome right and that's all any
quick questions [ __ ]
Alex
hi so I did a new release of ipfs NPM
which is pretty cool it's now like a
standalone that kind of wraps either NPM
or yon and uses our
ipfs registry to pull down your
dependencies and and it will just proxy
everything else to those commands so if
you're doing something that isn't
pulling down dependencies it will go off
and it will do the right thing
in theory I would do a demo but it's
really slow so I'm not going to do a
demo because I'm going to spend the rest
of them of the week making it fast so at
the moment we're syncing all of em p.m.
which you know will make it easier
because we won't have to go off to mmm
itself to get stuff which will make it a
little bit faster but the syncing is
really slow and I'm kind of worried that
MP cam is growing faster than the sync
is running so I've been trying to make
that fast first so right now that's
about 10 to 15 times faster than it was
this morning I'm hoping tomorrow it's
going to be 10 to 15 times faster again
and then hopefully that all makes this
year life faster as well and if it
doesn't then I'm going to make the CLI
faster as well and that's probably going
to be me for the rest of the week cool
any questions that is the Barossa should
we try it to try to don't put it as
always later Tony it's slow then yeah
because I know it's slow just flow on
pretty foul right the second one is
going too fast because more or less more
or less minused here though the more
times you run it the quicker it gets
let's wait till it's really fast which
is next week
I can wait five days seven by the way
like I opened a bunch of issues there's
a lot of like room for creativity here
like I actually already got my my
Raspberry Pi in my external hard drive
because I want to have like a box which
is my local NPM cash in my network and I
want to be able to say hey and pee my
guess is for the future I want to be
able to say hey my local NPM registry
cache to my PFS could you sink to my
laptop all the modules I keep using that
I can go on this like very like three
long flight and like have all my
dependencies with me that I keep using
it'd be great
and so yeah like you could be you you
can have like your portable version of
NPM with you while you have like your
pee-pee like complete version of NPM on
your local cache just get like a nice
Raspberry Pi NPM necklace and you can
just scary other than that people are
out on November 1st some people anyway
for holidays in Europe other than that I
think we are done there are no other
questions Terry do you have any a big
area and all in sure
no Michael suggested I expect eight but
any updates that I'm gonna have we're
gonna move about the proto school site
which I assume would be for the
community meeting not this meeting right
true but but like any kind of like
feedback if you have for our and you
know like anything that you need from a
jazz team is absolutely a good time to
open it up I keep you up blocks on
something so that we know diction
another thing that I would love and like
if Alan was here you would probably
bring his self I will have like the
community I want you to tag along with
us is this awesome and ever sink
iterators and so basically we are going
to refactor the whole code to use the
sink keep the writer so I keep you guys
really really nice I'm most excited
because when you stop like just focusing
on internals and like the really hard
level problems and like you you spend a
weekend trying to use ipfs you really
hit a bunch of problems like wait why
does this restart
so I think it would be super cool if the
community given that I gave you any to
JavaScript air to help us on this
endeavor because it will give you like
firsthand first-time experience on like
all these modules there really is it
just the tests like what they do what
they do not do and I like you you will
have an opportunity to impact our api's
that's that will be exposed to all the
developers so don't feel like it you
have to like join on the refactoring but
I think it would be useful also to see
how we coordinated and we talk like this
in gigantic endeavors are affecting the
whole code base etc so you might go and
party like if you want to join like
point them to this issue and we are
looking for more volunteers okay I'm in
tonight
I feel a little unequipped to do
anything that has to do with the actual
ipfs code base right now but maybe I'm
wrong but that's the good part is that
you get the worried right but that's
already there you just have to evacuate
the ice and there's like modules that
are smaller so you like there's like
actually we probably should have a
column on this that says difficulty
because there are many moments here that
hard because they like that lead abuse
which is really hard one but I think for
example one multi-format slants are
simpler so cool all right
only yeah you guys didn't break anything
for me last week that was really helpful
I found the happy Jas up load bug which
was a shocker and blood that's been
fixed there's new desktop designs coming
soon and I also fixed it so that web UI
would work out of the box with J's ipfs
that's pretty cool something that was
missing but otherwise carry on the good
work gentlemen
okay yeah that's it for real this time
alright everybody have a good week and
see you on the interwebs I have added
some actions I took notes their actions
are added to your document you should do
them perfect thanks Jacob